# Password-tool

Password-tools is a project that provides a password generator, a password manager and password tester/cracker.  
In the main menu, type in '?' for help.

## Manager

The manager uses the AES encryption to encrypt the password and then store it in an .dat file.  
The first time ever you start the application, you have to input the location where the password.dat should be stored. Later you could change it when you type in the manager console 'setDir'.  
Every time you restart the application, you have to input your key. If you use the manager for the first time, you could generate one with '--gen'.

To get a list of all commands, just type '?' in the command line

## Generator

The generator can generate you a password between 10 and 2.147.483.647 *(the program actually tells you 536870911 is the max because that's the longest password that could be generated at once and for real: who wants a password that is bigger than 500mb?)* characters long.  
The password is generated by using a cryptographic random generator   
The Password will be shown in the Console (if it has less than 250,000 characters) and will be written to a file (unless you turn that off by typing 'wf' in the command line).  
The first time you start the application, you have to input the location where the generated passwords are stored. Later, you could change it by typing in 'setDir'.

To get a list of all commands, just type "?" in the command line.  
*There are two hidden commands: 'd' and 'f'. 'd' stands for diagnostics, just type in 'd' , and you are able to see a description of 'd' and 'f' in the help('?') menu as well as information about how long every process took after the generation.*

## Logic password cracker(comming soon)

This cracker can test how long it takes(or if it's even possible) to crack you password if the attacker has some information about you.  
***!!! This cracker is not intended to actually crack a password !!!***

 ### List of personal information
 - firstname
 - lastname
 - birthday
 - birthday of Friends/Family
 - hobbys
 - homecity
 - homecity aliases
 - pets name
 - pets birthday
 - pets breed
 - pets type

 ### Delimiters
 - '.'
 - '-' 
 - '_'
 - '+'
 - '~'
 - *manual adding possible*
